add  blog post about pip support (#35)
RustPython/rustpython.github.io: _posts/2021-01-27-pip-support.markdown

---
layout: post
title:  "pip is working! 🎉  🎉 "
date:   2021-01-27 01:45:00 +0900
categories: [featured]
---

7380 commits and 1940 pull requests later, **pip** and **get-pip.py** are working with RustPython 🎉  🎉. pip can install itself and setuptools!

This update is brought to you from [@coolreader18's](https://github.com/coolreader18) terminal by asciinema 🍿.

## get-pip.py
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/3pAZSfrFeIbEUzpPyXtvYZCeN.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/3pAZSfrFeIbEUzpPyXtvYZCeN)

## get-pip.py + pip install requests
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fuTmP0wMD8HnvwsOkPRPuVHoa.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fuTmP0wMD8HnvwsOkPRPuVHoa)

## pip installs itself and setup tools
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/y2rIeqELmzn5LCaWI6MLMvujz.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/y2rIeqELmzn5LCaWI6MLMvujz)

## What you need to do

> This update is so fresh, things are not merged into the `master` or `release` branches yet. For now, to test this out, you have to merge `coolreader18/fix-http` `coolreader18/csv-writer` `coolreader18/misc-os` `coolreader18/name-mangling` `update-python-version` `coolreader18/empty-map-cformat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update is so fresh, things are not merged into the `master` or `release` branches yet. For now, to test this out, you have to checkout the `pip-merg` branch, and make sure to build with the `ssl` feature:
```
(I can't put a code block in cause it conflicts with the `suggestion` code block lol :grin: )
```sh
$ cd RustPython
$ git fetch --all
$ git checkout pip-merg
$ cargo install --path . --features ssl
$ curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -O
$ rustpython get-pip.py
...lots of work...
$ rustpython -m pip --version
pip 21.0 from /home/.../.local/lib/rustpython3.9/site-packages/pip (python 3.9)
```

Author: do you want me to commit the suggestion and then add this at the end?
```
$ cd RustPython
$ git fetch --all
$ git checkout pip-merg
$ cargo install --path . --features ssl
$ curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -O
$ rustpython get-pip.py
...lots of work...
$ rustpython -m pip --version
  pip 21.0 from /home/.../.local/lib/rustpython3.9/site-packages/pip (python 3.9)
```

Reviewer: Yeah, that'd be great :)

Author: done. looks good?
